First of all, congratulations to the kylin child of the warring country lord
Happy Love Lu
Next, I would like to congratulate the warring country lord in heaven
Huzi Longsun
The warring country lord is really old and strong
Is the sword not old?
Double happiness today
All your aristocratic families have rewards
I am your daughter
You actually deserve a divorce for me
And I want this old lady to spoil me
Are you still human?
Aju
You've been with me for two years
I have never considered you my assistant
I've always treated you like a sister
Sorry miss
I approached you at first
It's because the Situ family chose you right
Sooner or later, it will be a money-losing product to get married
Without sacrificing yourself to complete the great cause of our Li family
My whole life
The thing I regret the most is being your daughter
If I had known, I would have listened to my grandfather's words and married Chen Meijuan
Do you think Chen Beixuan can save you?
This is Philadou
No matter who comes
All bow down
Who is who?
Who will stand up for me?